Radio Raheem here with the jack
nicholson of boxing children of
top-ranked bob arum we're here in sunny
san antonio for the rematch of brian
vera and Chavez Jr well there was so
much anticipation of this way and maybe
one of the most anticipated weigh-ins in
a long time Chavez came through on the
weight were you at all concerned that we
might have a repeat of last time well I
certainly wasn't concerned once I
arrived in town which was a way
Wednesday evening because I saw him and
I could see right away that he weighed
less a lot less than he did in
California so no I I figured that a long
last he was being responsible and would
make the weight which he did quite
easily because it wasn't like a guy who
went on the scale to make weight and
they had to hold them up because he was
so weak he made it easily right now I
know that Chavez is one of those
fighters that you know you take
particular pay particular attention to
his training and whatnot and with the
weight being an issue previously and
like you said now you may wait seeming
comfortable do you feel like 168 is
where he can stay or is this one of the
last fights until he moves up oh he can
definitely stay at 168 and his next
fight will be at 168 we hope to get them
a really big fight for the summer big
pay-per-view fight but it will be at 168
so with that said there's obviously
rumors floating around about which fight
that might be most of the talk now is
triple G you know you Nattie gulaab gang
is that is that a fight that you guys
looking to make well Tom Loffler who is
the promoter and manager of Gennady will
be here tomorrow morning in San Antonio
the only reason Gennady won't be here is
because his father passed away
so I will be talking to Tom about the
possibilities of making that fight and
we've had some preliminary conversations
that sounds like a yes to me be well
it's not Maysles made that may still be
issued but tom is a level-headed guy and
you know I think it's fair to say that
he wants to make the fight on behalf of
go often now obviously the other talk
and this talks a little bit older so
when it comes to andre ward why do you
feel that golovkin's a better fight for
Chavez than war if you do in fact feel
that and do you see word as a fight down
the line of gallatin gets made first
yeah I you know I holy-o's told me he
wants to fight Ward Ward is a great
great fighter Ward has this whole
problem with his promoter so I don't
really want to go into that but doing a
pay-per-view with Tom Laughlin is a lot
easier on our health than doing a favor
of you with Dan coops all right you want
to tell me why that's a lot easier on
your own you gotta leave it to your
imagination right okay all right you
just got back from China the next big
fight that will be in China is May 31st
with nonito Donaire it's still
considered a comeback fight why why
China and I mean I know it's close to
the Philippines is that is that the only
reason and then with this opponent how
does this matchup work for Donaire a lot
of people don't know his opponent very
well well first of all the opponent is
very good he stopped chris john and i
know chris john was getting older but
that's pretty good stopping chris john
he's really a good fighter I think
nonito in good shape can handle them and
win the title but
donia is a good fit from macau number
one there is 60,000 filipinos in Macau
and another 50 or 60,000 in Hong Kong
and of course Manila is just an hour and
15 minutes away by plane so as a turn
out for Manny back has showed in
November there were thousands of
Filipinos came to the venetian so I
think that nonito Donaire will be a big
draw in Macau and we know that Donaire
is a proud fighter and obviously a
skilled champion have been taken that
loss to Rigondeaux is he looking to make
that rematches this you know a tune-up
fight in his mind how far away away from
a rigging the owl rematch and a line
wasn't that the next fight well first of
all nonito has said he has trouble with
122 once a fight at 126 so the plan is
hopefully wins the title and then if a
rematch with Rigondeaux is made it would
be for Nonie toes 126-pound title that
being said this is still a business and
if nobody in a network or by a
Rigondeaux fight that impacts on the
money that the opponent can make so
that's a problem that I have to deal
with you know Rigondeaux's performance
in the egg beko fight left a lot to be
desired you know he was winning handily
in three rounds and then for whatever
reason both fighters stop fighting well
you know that didn't help the ratings
didn't fans walked out that's something
that a television network that's not in
the boxing business in the television
business
can countenance and before I let you go
Bob coming back stateside there is a lot
of anticipation for Ruslan provodnikov
next fight there's talk of Marquez may
be taking that fight you've told us that
Marquez is laying out for the winner of
Bradley Pacquiao is marquez provodnikov
a serious possibility now right at this
point Fernando Beltran from zen for
promotions is going to Mexico City and
he'll be talking to one manual about
fighting Mike Alvarado in the forum in
los angeles on may 17 so I'm optimistic
that fight can be made rooslin we're in
serious talk of him fighting on jun 14
maybe against Bryan Rio Brandon Rios if
we're assured that Brandon can make 140
thank you Bob I will see you tomorrow
night Radio Raheem with the chairman of
top-ranked Bob Arum